Don't get in my way
Go away
Let go beautiful woman
My name is Han Tao
Are you here for the auction too?
Why don't I take you to the VIP seat
Haitao Xuangui family
Young Master Han
That's right, I'm the young master of the Han family
Are you interested?
get to know
Let's get to know each other first
My name is Guo Miaomiao
For the record, I'm not just any guy.
On family background
It won't be long before my brother becomes a hero legend
At that time, it will not be weaker than the Han family
Sure enough, the platform decides everything.
I can meet Mr. Han here today
Definitely the fate of you and my daughter
Certainly.
Go beautiful woman
They dare to hit me
Presumptuous dare to hit Han Shao
I see you are tired of living
Are you crazy?
This is Young Master Han
You're in big trouble, do you know that?
I hit the young master of the Han family